Link to project guidelines:
https://www.codecademy.com/journeys/back-end-engineer/paths/becj-22-software-engineering-foundations/tracks/becj-22-portfolio-project-mixed-messages/modules/becp-22-mixed-messages-6528be67-e116-4f3e-a868-f1bbd673b4f8/kanban_projects/mixed-messages
Plan project:
Inspirational Message Generator
A website with a nice background with a rectangular box with border
Inside there will be a message with a button that will cycle through the inspirational message with at least three diff pieces of data
CHATGPT Instructions.
Step 1: Decide on the Type of Message Generator

Choose whether you want to build an astrology generator, inspirational message generator, or nonsensical jokes generator. This will determine the theme and content of the messages.
Step 2: Plan the Structure of the Messages

Determine the structure of the messages that will be generated. Each message should be made up of at least three different pieces of data. For example, if it's an astrology generator, you might have one piece of data for zodiac signs, another for astrological predictions, and a third for lucky numbers.
Step 3: Set Up the Project

Create a new folder for your project and set up the necessary files (e.g., index.html, script.js, etc.).
Link the JavaScript file (script.js) to the HTML file (index.html) using the script tag.
Step 4: Define the Data

Create arrays or objects to store the different pieces of data you'll use to generate the messages. For example, arrays for zodiac signs, astrological predictions, lucky numbers, or arrays of inspirational quotes or jokes.
Step 5: Implement the Randomization Logic

Write a JavaScript function that generates a random number. This will be used to randomly select elements from the arrays you created in step 4.
Step 6: Create the Message Generation Function

Write a JavaScript function that combines the random elements from the arrays to form a complete message. The function should use the randomization logic from step 5 to select random elements.
Step 7: Display the Generated Message

Modify your HTML file to have a button or link that, when clicked, triggers the message generation function.
Use JavaScript to update the content on the page with the generated message.
Step 8: Customize the User Interface (Optional)

If you want to improve the user experience, you can add CSS styling to make the interface more appealing.
Step 9: Test Your Program

Test the message generator to ensure that it produces random and different messages every time it's run.
Step 10: Refine and Expand (Optional)

You can enhance the project by adding more data sources or improving the randomization algorithm to make the messages even more diverse and interesting.
Remember to have fun while working on the project and feel free to get creative with the messages and design! Good luck!